README.md, before:

# To-Do-App 
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


<h2>My To Do App</h2>

<h4>How to use the app</h4>

Step 1 : Create your item by typing your to do into the input field. <br>
Step 2 : You can save that item to local storage if you like by clicking the "Floppy Disc" button.<br>
Step 3 : Click "+" to add the view that newly added item in your list. <br>
Step 4 : You can delete that todo by clicking "x" on the item line. <br>
Step 5 : You also have the option to mark the item as completed by clicking once on the name of the item<br>
         if this was a mistake you can undo it by double clicking on the name of the item to unmark it.
Step 6 : Once you have created your list you can delete everything if you are just testing it by clicking <br>
         on the trash can icon next to the + button.<br>
Step 7 : You can sort the list in Alphabetical order by clicking the down arrow button labled with AZ.  <br>
Step 8 : ENJOY THE APP ... give it a go below :)  <br>
        
** View saved data in local storage ** <br>

<a href="https://raw.githack.com/GarethW85/To-Do-App/main/todo.html" ><h2>DEMO LIVE</h2></a>

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Commit message:

major changes
JS updates to Edit and Local storage
Css changes to buttons
ReadMe file updates

README.md, after:

# To-Do-App 
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


<h2>My To Do App</h2>

<h4>How to use the app</h4>

Step 1 : Create your item by typing your to do into the input field. <br>
Step 2 : Click "+" to add the view that newly added item in your list..<br>
Step 3 : You can delete that todo by clicking "x" on the item line.<br>
Step 4 : You also have the option to mark the item as completed by double clicking once on the name of the item<br>
         if this was a mistake you can undo it by clicking once on the name of the item to unmark it. <br>
Step 5 : Once you have created your list you can delete everything if you are just testing it by clicking <br>
         on the trash can button.<br>
Step 6 : You can sort the list in Alphabetical order by clicking the down arrow button labled with AZ.<br>
Step 7 : You can edit the to do items by clicking on the icon with a Pencil and if you want to stop editing then click the 
         Tick button to finish editing <br>

        


<a href="https://raw.githack.com/GarethW85/To-Do-App/main/todo.html" ><h2>DEMO LIVE</h2></a>

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
